Journal to set down all my thoughts and
the simple events of my day I will keep
this diary for one year and at the end
of that time it will be destroyed
they cursed my son to enlist it was a
family tradition six months later he was
dead in Iraq I was lost lessons the
reading of the Lord praise begun
[Music]
so who are you I'm fine no really it's
been a while since we've talked even a
pastor needs bastard did you see the
doctor you need someone to take care of
you but I want you to be happy I know
that nothing can change and I know there
is no hope yes marry explosives she was
becoming someone I didn't know
opportunistic diseases and our key
martial law you will live to see this
you had no idea what he was thinking no
I'm so frightened these kids they've no
certainty you know don't think follow
they fall prey to extremism its world
alone no I have not lost my face you
think what we did together was a sin
I've seen enough real send another
difference you didn't tell it please
take a look at your own life before you
criticize others
these are frightening times we have to
be patient well somebody has to do
something
in the soul-cleansing god
[Music]
my survey
my hands shake as I write these lines
and God forgive us for what we've done
to this world who can know the mind of
God
[Music]